# Introduction to C# and the .Net Platform
# WormsApplication

## Task 1. World of worms

Worms live in a two-dimensional infinite world. A worm is a dot in this world. Life lasts 100 moves.

Interaction of the world and the worm:
1. The simulator asks the i-th worm what it is going to do.
2. The worm can answer:
a. Move (right, left, up, down)
b. Nothing
3. If the target cell is occupied (by another worm), then everything remains in its place (the move is spent).
4. If the move is valid, then the worm moves in the right direction.

Initially, the world is inhabited by a worm at the point (0, 0). Implemented worm movement clockwise around the point (0,0).

As a result, a .Net Core console application was obtained, after launching which, a file of the following format should be generated.

Worms: [John (-1, 0)]
Worms: [John (-2, 0)]
…
Worms: [John (-10, 0)] 

## Task 2. World of worms, part 2. (food, reproduction).

The worm's vitality parameter is added. Each turn, the worm's life force is reduced by 1, the worm with 0 life force is removed from the world.

At the beginning of the turn, before the move of all the worms, a portion of food appears in an empty place.

Free space is defined as follows:

* Each coordinate (x,y) is generated by entering a random value normally distributed on the set of integers [int]*.

* Probability of dropping i value, normally distributed with standard deviation 5 (*) and mean value 0*

* If the point (x,y) is occupied by another portion of food, then a new generation of a random point occurs until an empty place is found.

* If the point (x,y) is occupied by a worm, then the worm "eats" it at the beginning of its turn (then it can move to another cell and eat another portion)

* Food exists in the world for exactly 10 turns (including the turn on which it appears), on the 11th move the food is removed from the world "rotten". Food increases the worm's vitality by 10.

A worm can multiply by division, for this:
direction (up, down, right, left)
if the point in the specified direction is free, then a new worm with a new unique name does not appear in it.

Interaction of the world and the worm:
1. The simulator asks the i-th worm what it is going to do.
2. The worm can answer:
a. Move (right, left, up, down)
b. Multiply by pointing direction (right, left, up, down)
c. Nothing (turn spent)
3. If nothing, then everything remains in its place.
4. If the worm wants to move,
a. The target point is occupied (by another worm), then everything remains in its place.
b. The target point is free, then the worm moves to the free space.
c. The target point is occupied by a portion of food, then the worm "eats it", the worm's vitality is increased by 10, the food is removed from the world.
5. If the worm wants to breed
a. If the worm's life force is 10 or less, then nothing happens (the turn is spent).
b. The target cell is occupied by another worm, then nothing happens (the move is spent).
c. The target cell is occupied by food, then nothing happens (the move is spent).
d. The target cell is free, a worm spawns on it, with a life force of 10 and a unique name, the life force of the original worm is reduced by 10.

Initially, the world is inhabited by a worm at the point (0, 0). The movement of the worm to the nearest portion of food has been implemented.

As a result, a .Net Core console application was obtained, after launching which, a file of the following format should be generated.

Worms: [John-23 (-1, 0)], Food: [(1.1), (1.1), (1.1)]
Worms: [John-22 (-2, 0)], Food: [(1.1), (1.1), (1.1)]
…
Worms: [John-1 (-10, 0)], Food: [(1.1), (1.1), (1.1)] 

## Task 3. (DI Container)

The simulator runs as a .Net Generic Host as a Hosted service.

Implemented as separate services.
* Food generator.

* Worm name generator.

* The logic of the action of the worm.

* Service for recording a report from the actions of the worm in a file.
